Fixes false positives in the dev overlay audit when multiple `role` values exist. (#9857)
withastro/astro: .changeset/eight-flowers-remain.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> When multiple roles exist, check each role. Fixing the issue of errors caused by multiple values in the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes false positives in the dev overlay audit when multiple `role` values exist.
```
